The bouncing is good to have when you implement search like functionality or auto complete feature while
typing, especially when the search is making API calls on the server.
For example, you have a text box and on input, you make an API call to perform search.
It will be numerous calls to the server.
In such case, the bouncing is the best way to improve the performance.
Let's see an example.
I'm going to have an input box and on input.
Let's say the search function is called and I'm displaying the key count every time the key is pressed.
That's where the API call is generally made.
But if we use if we refer the API count, then you will see how many times the API should be called.
So this is just the very same example of the which we implemented the same code, but with a different
scenario.
So let me just show you the output for this as well.
Now here is the text box.
Let me just type test search.
Now you observe that the actual keys we have placed is 12, whereas the count that is the API call should
have been made only seven times.
The more you type.
The more call difference will get.
So this is one of the scenario where the bounce can be very handy.
It can really reduce the API calls or any process you attach with this kind of approach.